Read version from pyproject.toml (#104)
sphinx-contrib/httpdomain: CHANGELOG.rst

Minor changes
.............

> - Read version from pyproject.toml [:pull:`104` by @0jc1 and @stevepiercy]

Reviewer: I'll merge this suggestion.

```suggestion
- Read version from :file:`pyproject.toml` for documentation. [:issue:`103` by @0jc1 and @stevepiercy]
```
